* [Home](https://docs.cloud.google.com/)
* [Documentation](https://docs.cloud.google.com/docs)
* [Data analytics](https://docs.cloud.google.com/docs/data)
* [BigQuery](https://docs.cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs)
* [Reference](https://docs.cloud.google.com/bigquery/quotas)

Send feedback



Stay organized with collections

Save and categorize content based on your preferences.

# The AI.GENERATE\_INT function

**Preview**

This product or feature is
subject to the "Pre-GA Offerings Terms" in the General Service Terms section
of the [Service Specific
Terms](/terms/service-terms#1).
Pre-GA products and features are available "as is" and might have limited support.
For more information, see the
[launch stage descriptions](https://cloud.google.com/products/#product-launch-stages).

**Note:** For support during the preview, contact
[bqml-feedback@google.com](mailto:bqml-feedback@google.com).

This document describes the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function, which lets you
analyze any combination of text and unstructured data. The function generates a
`STRUCT` that contains an `INT64` value.

The function works by sending requests to a Vertex AI Gemini
model, and then returning that model's response.

You can use the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function to perform tasks such as
classification and sentiment analysis.

For example, the following query rates the sentiment of BBC news article titles:

```
SELECT
  title,
  AI.GENERATE_INT(
    ("Rate the sentiment of this article title from 1 (very negative) to 5 (very positive): ", title)
  ).result AS sentiment_score
FROM `bigquery-public-data.bbc_news.fulltext`
LIMIT 3;
```

Prompt design can strongly affect the responses returned by the
model. For more information, see
[Introduction to prompting](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/learn/prompts/introduction-prompt-design).

## Input

Using the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function, you can use the following types
of input:

* Text data from standard tables.
* [`ObjectRefRuntime`](/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/objectref_functions#objectrefruntime)
  values that are generated by the
  [`OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL` function](/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/objectref_functions#objget_access_url).
  You can use
  [`ObjectRef`](/bigquery/docs/work-with-objectref)
  values from standard tables as input to the `OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL` function.

When you analyze unstructured data, that data must meet the following
requirements:

* Content must be in one of the supported formats that are
  described in the Gemini API model
  [`mimeType` parameter](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/model-reference/gemini#parameters).
* If you are analyzing a video, the maximum supported length is two minutes.
  If the video is longer than two minutes, `AI.GENERATE_INT` only returns
  results based on the first two minutes.

## Syntax

```
AI.GENERATE_INT(
  [ prompt => ] 'PROMPT',
  [, endpoint => 'ENDPOINT']
  [, model_params => MODEL_PARAMS]
  [, connection_id => 'CONNECTION']
  [, request_type => 'REQUEST_TYPE']
)
```

### Arguments

`AI.GENERATE_INT` takes the following arguments:

* `PROMPT`: a `STRING` or `STRUCT` value that specifies
  the `PROMPT` value to send to the model.
  The prompt must be the first argument that you specify.
  You can provide the value in the following ways:
  + Specify a `STRING` value. For example,
    'This is a prompt.'
  + Specify a `STRUCT` value that contains one or more fields.
    You can use the following types of fields within the
    `STRUCT` value:

    | Field type | Description | Examples |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | `STRING`  or  `ARRAY<STRING>` | A string literal, array of string literals, or the name of a `STRING` column. | String literal: `'This is a prompt.'`   String column name: `my_string_column` |
    | `ObjectRefRuntime`  or  `ARRAY<ObjectRefRuntime>` | An `ObjectRefRuntime` value returned by the [`OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL` function](/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/objectref_functions#objget_access_url). The `OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL` function takes an [`ObjectRef`](/bigquery/docs/analyze-multimodal-data#objectref_values) value as input, which you can provide by either specifying the name of a column that contains `ObjectRef` values, or by constructing an `ObjectRef` value.  `ObjectRefRuntime` values must have the `access_url.read_url` and `details.gcs_metadata.content_type` elements of the JSON value populated.  Your input can contain at most one video object. | Function call with `ObjectRef` column: `OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL(my_objectref_column, 'r')`   Function call with constructed `ObjectRef` value: `OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL(OBJ.MAKE_REF('gs://image.jpg', 'myconnection'), 'r')` |

    The function combines `STRUCT` fields similarly to a
    [`CONCAT`](/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/string_functions#concat)
    operation and concatenates the fields in their specified order. The
    same is true for the elements of any arrays used within the struct.
    The following table shows some examples of `STRUCT` prompt values and how
    they are interpreted:

    | Struct field types | Struct value | Semantic equivalent |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | `STRUCT<STRING, STRING, STRING>` | `('Describe the city of ', my_city_column, ' in 15 words')` | 'Describe the city of my\_city\_column\_value in 15 words' |
    | `STRUCT<STRING, ObjectRefRuntime>` | `('Describe the following city', OBJ.GET_ACCESS_URL(image_objectref_column, 'r'))` | 'Describe the following city image' |

* `ENDPOINT`: a `STRING` value that specifies the Vertex AI
  endpoint to use for the model. You can specify any
  [generally available](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/models#generally_available_models)
  or
  [preview](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/models#preview_models)
  Gemini model. If you specify the model name,
  BigQuery ML automatically identifies and uses the full endpoint
  of the model. If you don't specify an `ENDPOINT` value,
  BigQuery ML selects a recent stable version of
  Gemini to use. The default endpoint is `gemini-2.5-flash`.
  You can also specify the
  [global endpoint](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/learn/locations#use_the_global_endpoint).
  For example, specify the following endpoint:

  ```
  https://aiplatform.googleapis.com/v1/projects/PROJECT_ID/locations/global/publishers/google/models/GEMINI_ENDPOINT
  ```

  **Note:** Don't use the global endpoint if you have requirements for the data
  processing location, because when you use the global endpoint, you can't
  control or know the region where your processing requests are handled.

  Using Gemini 2.5 and later models incurs charges for the
  [thinking process](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/thinking).
  You can control the thinking process by using the `model_params` argument to
  set fields in the
  [`ThinkingConfig` object](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/GenerationConfig#ThinkingConfig).
  Setting these fields lets you balance the model's reasoning depth with
  response latency and cost. For tasks where extensive internal
  reasoning isn't required, you can adjust the thinking configuration to
  receive faster responses and reduce token usage. For more information, see
  [Thinking budgets](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/thinking#set-budget) and
  [Thinking levels](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/thinking#thinking-levels).
  For an example of this, see
  [Disable the thinking budget](#thinking-budget).
* `MODEL_PARAMS`: a `JSON` literal that provides additional parameters to
  the model. The `MODEL_PARAMS` value must conform to the
  [`generateContent` request body format](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.publishers.models/generateContent#request-body).
  You can provide a value for any field in the request body except for the
  `contents` field; the `contents` field is populated with the `PROMPT`
  argument value.
* `CONNECTION`: a `STRING` value specifying the connection
  to use to communicate with the model, in the format
  `[PROJECT_ID].LOCATION.CONNECTION_ID`.
  For example, `myproject.us.myconnection`.

  If you don't specify a connection, then the query uses your
  [end-user credentials](/bigquery/docs/permissions-for-ai-functions#run_generative_ai_queries_with_end-user_credentials).

  For information about configuring permissions, see [Set
  permissions for BigQuery ML generative AI functions that call Vertex AI models](/bigquery/docs/permissions-for-ai-functions).
* `REQUEST_TYPE`: a `STRING` value that specifies the type of inference
  request to send to the Gemini model. The request type
  determines what quota the request uses. Valid values are as
  follows:

  + `SHARED`: The function only uses [dynamic shared quota (DSQ)](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/dynamic-shared-quota).
  + `DEDICATED`: The function only uses [Provisioned Throughput](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/provisioned-throughput/overview) quota. The function returns an invalid
    query error if Provisioned Throughput quota isn't available. For more information,
    see [Use Vertex AI Provisioned Throughput](/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/bigqueryml-syntax-ai-generate#provisioned-throughput).
  + `UNSPECIFIED`: The function uses quota as follows:

    - If you haven't purchased Provisioned Throughput quota,
      the function uses DSQ quota.
    - If you have purchased Provisioned Throughput quota,
      the function uses the Provisioned Throughput
      quota first. If requests exceed the Provisioned Throughput
      quota, the overflow traffic uses DSQ quota.

  The default value is `UNSPECIFIED`.

## Output

`AI.GENERATE_INT` returns a `STRUCT` value for each row in the table. The struct
contains the following fields:

* `result`: an `INT64` value containing the model's response to the prompt. The
  result is `NULL` if the request fails or is filtered by
  [responsible AI](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/learn/responsible-ai).
* `full_response`: a JSON value containing the
  [response](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/GenerateContentResponse)
  from the
  [`projects.locations.endpoints.generateContent`](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.endpoints/generateContent)
  call to the model. The generated text is in the `text` element.
* `status`: a `STRING` value that contains the API response
  status for the corresponding row. This value is empty if the operation was
  successful.

## Examples

The following examples assume that you have granted the [Vertex AI User role](/vertex-ai/docs/general/access-control#aiplatform.user) to your personal account.
For more information, see [Run generative AI queries with end-user credentials](/bigquery/docs/permissions-for-ai-functions#run_generative_ai_queries_with_end-user_credentials).

### Use string input

To determine the population of each city, you can call the
`AI.GENERATE_INT` function and select the `result` field in the output
by running the following query:

```
SELECT
  city,
  AI.GENERATE_INT(('What is the population of ', city)).result
FROM UNNEST(["Seattle", "Beijing", "Paris", "London"]) city;
```

The result is similar to the following:

```
+---------+----------+
| city    | result   |
+---------+----------+
| Seattle | 771455   |
| Beijing | 21893000 |
| Paris   | 2165423  |
| London  | 9787426  |
+---------+----------+
```

### Disable the thinking budget

Disabling the thinking budget is useful for tasks that don't require
complex reasoning. By setting the `thinking_budget` to `0`, you can reduce the
model's response latency and lower the cost of the request by avoiding
additional "thinking" tokens. For more information, see
[Thinking budgets](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/thinking#set-budget).

The following query shows how to set the `model_params` argument to set the
model's thinking budget to `0` for the request:

```
SELECT
  city,
  AI.GENERATE_INT(('What is the population of ', city),
    endpoint => 'gemini-2.5-flash',
    model_params => JSON '{"generation_config":{"thinking_config": {"thinking_budget": 0}}}')
FROM mydataset.cities;
```

## Manage Inference Costs

Inference using the Vertex AI Gemini model can be a
relatively expensive operation. Due to the nature of query processing in
BigQuery, the actual number of rows processed by the model might differ
from what you expect, particularly when running complex queries, such as
`JOIN` or `ORDER BY ... LIMIT` clauses. To strictly control the number of rows
processed by your complex queries, we
recommended that you write the results of your query
to a separate table beforehand, and then
perform the Gemini inference directly on that materialized table.
For information about how to view inference charges that you incur in Vertex AI, see
[Track costs](/bigquery/docs/generative-ai-overview#track_costs). To estimate
the token count of text input, use the
[`AI.COUNT_TOKENS` function](/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/bigqueryml-syntax-ai-count-tokens).

## Use Vertex AI Provisioned Throughput

You can use
[Vertex AI Provisioned Throughput](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/provisioned-throughput/overview)
with the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function to provide consistent high throughput for
requests. The remote model that you reference in the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function
must use a
[supported Gemini model](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/provisioned-throughput/supported-models)
in order for you to use Provisioned Throughput.

To use Provisioned Throughput,
[calculate your Provisioned Throughput requirements](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/provisioned-throughput/measure-provisioned-throughput)
and then
[purchase Provisioned Throughput](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/provisioned-throughput/purchase-provisioned-throughput)
quota before running the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function. When you purchase
Provisioned Throughput, do the following:

* For **Model**, select the same Gemini model as the one used
  by the remote model that you reference in the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function.
* For **Region**, select the same region as the dataset that contains
  the remote model that you reference in the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function, with
  the following exceptions:

  + If the dataset is in the `US` multi-region, select the `us-central1`
    region.
  + If the dataset is in the `EU` multi-region, select the `europe-west4`
    region.

After you submit the order, wait for the order to be approved and appear on the
[**Orders**](https://console.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/provisioned-throughput) page.

After you have purchased Provisioned Throughput quota, use the
`REQUEST_TYPE` argument to determine how the `AI.GENERATE_INT` function uses
the quota.

## Locations

You can run `AI.GENERATE_INT` in all of the
[regions](/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/learn/locations#google_model_endpoint_locations)
that support Gemini models, and also in the `US` and `EU`
multi-regions.

## Quotas

See [Vertex AI and Cloud AI service functions quotas and limits](/bigquery/quotas#cloud_ai_service_functions).

## What's next

* For more information about using Vertex AI models to
  generate text and embeddings, see
  [Generative AI overview](/bigquery/docs/generative-ai-overview).
* For more information about using Cloud AI APIs to perform AI tasks, see
  [AI application overview](/bigquery/docs/ai-application-overview).
* For more information about supported SQL statements and functions for
  generative AI models, see
  [End-to-end user journeys for generative AI models](/bigquery/docs/e2e-journey-genai).




Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), and code samples are licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). For details, see the [Google Developers Site Policies](https://developers.google.com/site-policies). Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2026-05-12 UTC.




Need to tell us more?

[[["Easy to understand","easyToUnderstand","thumb-up"],["Solved my problem","solvedMyProblem","thumb-up"],["Other","otherUp","thumb-up"]],[["Hard to understand","hardToUnderstand","thumb-down"],["Incorrect information or sample code","incorrectInformationOrSampleCode","thumb-down"],["Missing the information/samples I need","missingTheInformationSamplesINeed","thumb-down"],["Other","otherDown","thumb-down"]],["Last updated 2026-05-12 UTC."],[],[]]