On this page

# Data Privacy and Usage FAQ

*Last Modified: January 23rd, 2026*

warning

The following Data Privacy and Usage FAQ and answers may change at any time. The [Terms and Conditions](/docs/legal/terms-and-conditions) and any other Hex Service Agreements take precedence over this FAQ. Please see <https://trust.hex.tech/> for additional details on Hex’s Trust Program.

## Does Hex sell or share customer data?[​](#does-hex-sell-or-share-customer-data "Direct link to Does Hex sell or share customer data?")

**Hex does not and will never sell customer data.** Hex shares data with our subprocessors and other services that we require to provide the Hex Service and run the Hex business. Hex does not and will never share customer data for any other purpose other than providing the Hex Service and running the Hex business. Hex’s subprocessors, their purposes, and data residencies are available here: [https://learn.hex.tech/docs/legal/subprocessors](/docs/legal/subprocessors).

## How does Hex classify customer data?[​](#how-does-hex-classify-customer-data "Direct link to How does Hex classify customer data?")

Hex classifies customer data into two Data Classifications, each with their own Data Types:

**Customer Data**

* *Customer Account Data:* customer personal data provided to the Hex Service, AKA Hex usernames, email addresses, and first and last names
* *Customer Datasets:* customer databases connected to the Hex Service and files, secrets, and version control data uploaded to the Hex Service, AKA data that was created outside of Hex and was connected to or brought into the Hex Service by the customer
* *Customer Input Data:* customer inputs into the Hex Service, AKA the data the customer inputs into code cells, SQL cells, text cells, etc.
* *Customer Output Data:* the outputs from the Hex Service, AKA the output generated by the Hex Service when the customer runs a project and/or cells

**Hex Metadata**

* *Customer Database Metadata:* aggregated column and row counts and column descriptions
* *Hex Aggregated or Derived Statistics:* performance information and statistics related to the provision and operation of the Hex Service

## How does Hex use Customer Data?[​](#how-does-hex-use-customer-data "Direct link to How does Hex use Customer Data?")

Hex's use of Customer Data to improve the Hex Service is governed by your applicable [Terms of Service](/docs/legal/terms-and-conditions).

Hex requires Customer Account Data, Customer Input Data, Customer Output Data, and Hex Metadata to provide the Hex Service, and may also use these data to improve the performance and reliability of the Hex Service.

The Hex Service interacts with Customer Datasets to perform actions on behalf of the customer. Hex does not utilize Customer Datasets to improve the performance and reliability of the Hex Service.

Hex may view Customer Data within the Hex Service during Support interactions.

Hex may use Customer Account Data for sales and marketing purposes (see [How does Hex use my personal information? Is Hex GDPR and CCPA compliant?](#how-does-hex-use-my-personal-information-is-hex-gdpr-and-ccpa-compliant)). Hex associates Customer Account Data with Hex Service Usage Data, which are then utilized to improve the performance and reliability of the Hex Service.

Customer Data submitted to Hex's AI features are subject to the [Hex Magic Product Specific Terms](/docs/legal/hex-service-agreement#hex-magic-and-hex-magic-typeahead-collectively-hex-magic).

Full definitions of Customer Data and Hex Metadata and Hex’s usage of both are available here: <https://trust.hex.tech/faq>.

## Does Hex look at Customer Data?[​](#does-hex-look-at-customer-data "Direct link to Does Hex look at Customer Data?")

**Hex may view Customer Data within the Hex Service during Support interactions. Customers must opt-in to sharing projects with Support. Access to Customer Data is restricted to Hex personnel on a need-to-know basis.** Hex adheres to the principle of least privilege and regularly reviews who has access to Customer Data.

## How does Hex use my personal information? Is Hex GDPR and CCPA compliant?[​](#how-does-hex-use-my-personal-information-is-hex-gdpr-and-ccpa-compliant "Direct link to How does Hex use my personal information? Is Hex GDPR and CCPA compliant?")

The Hex Service is data agnostic: customers are responsible for any GDPR, CCPA, or other regulatory requirements for Customer Datasets, Customer Input Data, and Customer Output Data provided to the Hex Service.

Hex is an active participant in the [Data Privacy Framework](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/6049) and is both GDPR and CCPA compliant. Hex may enter into Data Processing Agreements (DPAs) with customers that require additional privacy guarantees.

Hex is compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act: Hex users may easily unsubscribe from Hex marketing and sales communications. Data subject access requests for Hex users may be sent to [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#e8989a819e898b91a8808d90c69c8d8b80). Hex’s [Privacy Policy](/docs/legal/privacy) contains additional information.

## How does Hex interact with its LLM providers? What data is sent to the LLM providers?[​](#how-does-hex-interact-with-its-llm-providers-what-data-is-sent-to-the-llm-providers "Direct link to How does Hex interact with its LLM providers? What data is sent to the LLM providers?")

**Hex constructs requests to its LLM providers when a user uses Hex's AI features. Hex only sends context based on the user’s workspace.** Hex never uses your data or metadata to improve other customers’ requests.

Hex sends Customer Input Data (project code), Customer Output Data (project/cell runs), and Hex Metadata (schema information and table and column names), submitted prompts, and any resulting responses to LLM providers for the purposes of delivering Hex's AI features. Customer Data submitted to Hex's AI features are subject to the [Hex Magic Product Specific Terms](/docs/legal/hex-service-agreement#hex-magic-and-hex-magic-typeahead-collectively-hex-magic).

## Who are Hex's LLM providers?[​](#who-are-hexs-llm-providers "Direct link to Who are Hex's LLM providers?")

Hex uses OpenAI and Anthropic as its LLM providers with a zero retention policy. Hex's LLM providers do not train on customer data.

For [Hex Typeahead](/docs/explore-data/cells/code-typeahead), Hex uses
a hosted open source model on Baseten with a zero retention, zero training policy.

For more information on Hex's AI providers, see [Hex's Subprocessors List](/docs/legal/subprocessors).

## Can we utilize PHI data within Hex's AI features?[​](#can-we-utilize-phi-data-within-hexs-ai-features "Direct link to Can we utilize PHI data within Hex's AI features?")

**Hex has a Business Associate Agreement (BAA) with its LLM providers** that enables utilizing PHI data within Hex's AI features.

**LLM providers do not retain any data submitted to Hex's AI features.**

## Do LLM providers retain data sent to it via Hex's AI features?[​](#do-llm-providers-retain-data-sent-to-it-via-hexs-ai-features "Direct link to Do LLM providers retain data sent to it via Hex's AI features?")

Customer's database schemas are stored in an embedding in a vector database (which is not a trained model) in Hex’s infrastructure. The embedding model we use is OpenAI’s Ada model. Your embeddings are only used for your tenant; they are not used for other customers.

**LLM providers do not retain any data submitted to Hex's AI features.**

## Does Hex utilize Customer Data, input data, or output data to train LLM provider models or any other models?[​](#does-hex-utilize-customer-data-input-data-or-output-data-to-train-llm-provider-models-or-any-other-models "Direct link to Does Hex utilize Customer Data, input data, or output data to train LLM provider models or any other models?")

Hex has not opted-in to data sharing with its LLM providers. Hex's LLM providers do not train on customer data. Hex's use of AI session data to improve its AI features is governed by your applicable [Terms of Service](/docs/legal/terms-and-conditions).

## Does Hex utilize AI prompts and corrections of Hex's AI-generated queries to improve the performance and reliability of Hex's AI features?[​](#does-hex-utilize-ai-prompts-and-corrections-of-hexs-ai-generated-queries-to-improve-the-performance-and-reliability-of-hexs-ai-features "Direct link to Does Hex utilize AI prompts and corrections of Hex's AI-generated queries to improve the performance and reliability of Hex's AI features?")

Hex employees may look at AI Inputs and Outputs data, including prompts and relevant Customer Input Data and Customer Output Data, when necessary to fix bugs or improve the performance and reliability of Hex's AI features. For example, Hex employees may utilize poorly-rated AI completions to improve the AI feature.

## Who owns the intellectual property that Hex's AI features generate?[​](#who-owns-the-intellectual-property-that-hexs-ai-features-generate "Direct link to Who owns the intellectual property that Hex's AI features generate?")

**Hex’s customers own all outputs from AI features, to the extent that the customer has opted in to utilize Hex's AI features.** Customer Data submitted to Hex's AI features are subject to the [Hex Magic Product Specific Terms](/docs/legal/hex-service-agreement#hex-magic-and-hex-magic-typeahead-collectively-hex-magic).

## What data are Hex's AI features trained on? What sorts of bias risk might there be?[​](#what-data-are-hexs-ai-features-trained-on-what-sorts-of-bias-risk-might-there-be "Direct link to What data are Hex's AI features trained on? What sorts of bias risk might there be?")

Hex utilizes its LLM providers' state of the art models. Those models’ training data are detailed in their technical reports: [OpenAI](https://openai.com/index/gpt-4-research/) and [Anthropic](https://www.anthropic.com/research).

## Can I turn off Typeahead but keep other AI features turned on?[​](#can-i-turn-off-typeahead-but-keep-other-ai-features-turned-on "Direct link to Can I turn off Typeahead but keep other AI features turned on?")

Yes, admins can turn off Typeahead in the **AI & agents** settings page.

## Can I use my own model provider API key for Hex's AI features?[​](#can-i-use-my-own-model-provider-api-key-for-hexs-ai-features "Direct link to Can I use my own model provider API key for Hex's AI features?")

Yes, see the docs on [Bring Your Own Key (BYOK)](/docs/trust/ai-data-privacy#bring-your-own-key-byok) for more details.

#### On this page

* [Does Hex sell or share customer data?](#does-hex-sell-or-share-customer-data)
* [How does Hex classify customer data?](#how-does-hex-classify-customer-data)
* [How does Hex use Customer Data?](#how-does-hex-use-customer-data)
* [Does Hex look at Customer Data?](#does-hex-look-at-customer-data)
* [How does Hex use my personal information? Is Hex GDPR and CCPA compliant?](#how-does-hex-use-my-personal-information-is-hex-gdpr-and-ccpa-compliant)
* [How does Hex interact with its LLM providers? What data is sent to the LLM providers?](#how-does-hex-interact-with-its-llm-providers-what-data-is-sent-to-the-llm-providers)
* [Who are Hex's LLM providers?](#who-are-hexs-llm-providers)
* [Can we utilize PHI data within Hex's AI features?](#can-we-utilize-phi-data-within-hexs-ai-features)
* [Do LLM providers retain data sent to it via Hex's AI features?](#do-llm-providers-retain-data-sent-to-it-via-hexs-ai-features)
* [Does Hex utilize Customer Data, input data, or output data to train LLM provider models or any other models?](#does-hex-utilize-customer-data-input-data-or-output-data-to-train-llm-provider-models-or-any-other-models)
* [Does Hex utilize AI prompts and corrections of Hex's AI-generated queries to improve the performance and reliability of Hex's AI features?](#does-hex-utilize-ai-prompts-and-corrections-of-hexs-ai-generated-queries-to-improve-the-performance-and-reliability-of-hexs-ai-features)
* [Who owns the intellectual property that Hex's AI features generate?](#who-owns-the-intellectual-property-that-hexs-ai-features-generate)
* [What data are Hex's AI features trained on? What sorts of bias risk might there be?](#what-data-are-hexs-ai-features-trained-on-what-sorts-of-bias-risk-might-there-be)
* [Can I turn off Typeahead but keep other AI features turned on?](#can-i-turn-off-typeahead-but-keep-other-ai-features-turned-on)
* [Can I use my own model provider API key for Hex's AI features?](#can-i-use-my-own-model-provider-api-key-for-hexs-ai-features)